[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with retired SEAL Team
Six Chief Petty Officer Michael
Jaco, who has over 35 years of
extensive combat experience,
including 11 years as
a CIA security officer.
Michael, welcome to the show.
>>MICHAEL JACO: Pleasure
to be here, Emery.
Thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: During your
regression with Barbara Lamb,
you did mention your experiences
on the moons of Jupiter
and Saturn, having these amazing
combat wars with reptilians.
Let's take a look at that.
>>BARBARA LAMB: I think one
of the things that we might
be looking for here is
that, in using the weapons,
what was the enemy?
What was the situation
that you were involved in?
Could you go to one of those?
>>MICHAEL: One of those was
on one of the moons of Jupiter
and on the planet of Jupiter
where they were infiltrating.
This was the rock men.
They had somehow snuck
in through our defenses.
They're very good at going
into a planet or a moon
and cloaking
themselves in there.
So on one of the
moons, I remember
that's where I had the left
side of my head blown off.
In the initial battle,
we went in as a group,
and we caught them on
the surface of this moon.
And I remember landing my craft
and all the other operators
landing their craft.
And at this time, I was--
I was extremely developed.
I was in my late 20s.
I was 8 feet tall.
I was very, very
large; hulked out.
So as I came in in my craft,
I jumped out of my craft
and started to fire
my pulse weapon.
And my partner was firing his.
We were able to take
out several of them.
As more of our
special force group
came in and landed their craft
and joined us in the battle,
we started to go into
their subterranean base.
And then, as we went into
their subterranean base, all
of our technologies
for seeing in the dark,
for firing our pulse
weapons, they all went out.
And my partner was--
I was separated from my partner.
And that's when they--
that's when I had
one of their weapons,
like, blew out the
side of my head.
And my team pulled me out.
So I was the--
I was a captain then.
I was the captain of
my special forces group
of about 50 men and women.
So I was put back
in my craft, and I
was flown back like I described
by someone in the main fleet.
And they brought me back
and put me back together.
It was-- I would say,
in normal circumstances,
it would have been
traumatizing, but we actually
performed very good on that day.
We ended up driving them out of
the moon that's around Jupiter.
And there was another moon
that they were on in Saturn
as well at a later date.
And because of our experiences
on the Jupiter moon,
we had no casualties whatsoever
and we drove them out
very quickly.
>>BARBARA: Wow.
>>MICHAEL: So it's
something that, over time,
as we evolved in
our fighting skills,
we were far easier
to adapt and overcome
our enemy very quickly.
So there's less loss of life
on our side and on their side.
So we get them to surrender
sometimes very quickly.
Sometimes we show up
and they just give up
because we're so effective.
>>EMERY: Do you remember
any other missions
that you've been on?
And what was your
specific role and duty?
>>MICHAEL: So currently, I see
myself as a galactic commander.
And in this role, I am
given different tasks.
So I have many
different ET races
that work with me,
very positive ET races.
We've talked about some of those
over the last several shows.
So these positive ETs
and these positive groups
from every country and the US--
We have ETs from many,
many different star
systems that are involved
in these galactic fleets,
with mile long star fleets.
It's unbelievable.
So there's a lot of
power, a lot of force
that you can bring to
a certain situation.
Sometimes, you'll just have
one starship that will come in.
Sometimes you'll
have a whole fleet,
just like you would have a
whole fleet here in the US
to show up off a
coast somewhere,
and basically everybody's
going to go stand down.
These guys are your
big time, so we're
going to stop
whatever we're doing.
So that happens quite
often, actually,
throughout the galaxy.
So a show of force will
stop out negativity.
And not only in our
galaxy, but now we're
starting to travel
to other galaxies
to help out other
galaxies, because we're
starting to master
our own galaxy
and reach a higher
level of consciousness.
Of course, here on Earth we're
still struggling a little bit,
but that's soon to be overcome.
And once we've
reached that point,
it's going to really ripple
out into the rest of our galaxy
and we can help other galaxies
achieve the great success
that we've had here.
>>EMERY: You spoke about
reaching out to other galaxies,
helping other planets.
Why haven't they reached
out to us to help us,
these extraterrestrials?
>>MICHAEL: Well, there is
help happening here on Earth.
So there are ET races
that are involved here.
Now, there was supposed to be
a very, very slow disclosure
over time.
That's not going to happen.
It's going to be a lot
more rapid, I think,
as we go forward.
This disclosure is accelerating
because the controllers that
are trying to control
Earth have gone too far.
They've almost-- almost,
we're completely controlled
here on Earth once again, just
like we were 12,000 years ago.
So we're starting to
slip through that.
We're starting to
break those patterns.
Some of those groups that
have been involved with that
have been exposed.
Some of them been taken down,
silent, behind the scenes,
just like a secret
force that comes in.
Being part of those
secret programs
myself, I can see that
those are happening here.
So yes, there is that question,
that excellent question,
why haven't we been helping
ourselves here on Earth?
We are.
There are ET races.
There are over 120 different
ET races that are here.
Once that really is
disclosed, that's really
going to blow things open.
And it's coming soon.
>>EMERY: Is there a
time or date on this?
>>MICHAEL: I see it as
coming very, very soon, like
in the next few years.
So this rapid disclosure
that's already happening,
we're starting to see it
on the news organizations
where they're disclosing
different little craft
that they're seeing.
Of course, that's
advanced technology
that the space force
already owns and has already
implemented and are
using in the space force.
But as we get disclosure for
these advanced technologies
that are coming
out, then that can
lead to the next level, which
is, yeah, ET are among us.
Now, these are negative
ETs, some of them,
which have been
controlling the Earth, yes.
But they have been taken
down to a great level.
And as we move
forward, they're going
to be completely eliminated
from here on Earth.
Just like we eliminate
them in the space
force from different
planets, the negative ETs,
they're going to be eliminated
here, but not by the Space
Force, by the consciousness
and by the decision
of the people of Earth.
And that has to happen.
The Earthlings--
we could call them
that-- are having to awaken
and take their consciousness
to the next level.
And that next level is
basically identifying
that we are part
of a galactic group
and that there are
many star beings that
have incarnated here on Earth.
I believe that
I'm from Sirius B.
So as people become more and
more aware of their connection
to star beings, that helps
consciousness move further
and awakens more people.
So I think within the next
year, as we're filming this,
we're going to see
a lot of disclosure.
And in the next
two to three years,
it's going to be a
different Earth than what
we're seeing right now.
The control, the
manipulation is going
to pretty much disappear
to a great extent
as we move forward.
>>EMERY: I think it's
fantastic that you actually
mentioned where your genealogy
comes from, because we're
really not from here.
And I've learned a lot
about that in, of course,
the compartmentalized
projects that I worked in.
And what was the most
fascinating thing
is that most of the
extraterrestrials
had human DNA.
So we're just all mutts too
of different civilizations
from around the universe
that have been mixed together
in this mosh pit.
But if you actually prove
the space force exists
and you actually
prove that there's
an extraterrestrial craft
that came to planet Earth,
how is that going to
affect gas, coal, and oil?
Because you're not going
to need it anymore.
Because won't the universities
say, well, they didn't get here
with rocket fuel, JP-1.
Now we have free energy.
>>MICHAEL: Yeah, that's
one of the benefits,
but it's also one of the things
that keeps us locked down.
So these industries,
these corporations,
have been controlling a lot of
the flow of this information
because they stand
to lose quite a bit.
>>EMERY: Michael, you mentioned
these positive and negative
extraterrestrials
that are keeping
us confined to the planet.
Could you elaborate
a little bit more
of these negative
extraterrestrials
and who they are?
>>MICHAEL: Absolutely.
Some of these negative
races are reptilian.
They are Draco
reptilian, to be precise.
So the Draco reptilian are
very powerful, have been very
powerful for a very long time.
They're the ones that have--
that changed things back during
the Lemurian, Atlantean time
frame.
They came in and basically
tore down the system
that we'd evolved
to a great level.
Now they're being
taken off world.
So the negative ETs are fairly
well removed from Earth.
There are still probably little
pockets of them here and there.
They're being sought out.
It's hard to find these
reptilians, these ET
races, because they cloak
themselves extremely well.
I've seen some of
these ETs when I
was in different organizations.
>>EMERY: What do they look like?
>>MICHAEL: Well, they
looked like you and I.
But when you look
them in the eye
and they get a
little angry at you,
they get a little slit eye.
And that slit eye is like, oh,
OK, there's a reptilian there.
But not all reptilians are
bad, like we talk about.
And not all Draco
reptilian or bad.
The Draco are on their way out.
The positive Draco are helping
to remove them from the planet.
But just like I was involved in
hunting down many terrorists,
it took years to find them.
It took years to find--
I remember when I
came into Panama,
it took us a little
while to find Noriega
even though we had planned
that for months and months
and months.
So we came in with
a perfect plan,
and then he slipped
through the cracks.
And it took us
months to find him.
So it takes time
to identify them,
track them down, and
then root them out.
So that's ongoing process.
They're minions.
So they-- you would think
of the Draco reptilians
as being at the top of
the food chain as far
as the evil controls
of Earth, and then
you work your way down.
You have the different
families that
have controlled the banking and
other industries, oil and so
forth, for a very long time.
Those are being discovered and
eliminated to a certain extent.
And as we move down,
politicians and business owners
and so forth.
There's a lot to root out.
>>EMERY: Seems quite
the undertaking.
Who are the positive ones?
>>MICHAEL: So the
positive ones are
the ones that are trying
to help humanity, like you
and I. We're doing
the best that we can.
We're working within a system
that is very oppressive,
but we're sharing this
information right now.
This is very powerful,
very enlightening.
As we move forward
with this information,
people awaken to it, and
it speeds the process.
So there's lots of us that
share this information,
and that is what
raises consciousness.
And it's not like
beating the other side.
It's more of raising
the consciousness.
That beats the other side.
Ultimately, that's
where we're going to go.
More people wake
into that and stop
giving away their free will
to the negative groups.
It speeds that process.
>>EMERY: What other
missions can you sure,
Michael, that actually
stand out to you?
>>MICHAEL: One of
the most amazing ones
was when I went to
the planet Venus.
So I remember going
in a round spacecraft,
like we've seen the flying
saucer type aircraft.
And that was very
early in my training,
I'd say probably when I was
in my early 20s or late teens.
I went to the planet Venus
and worked with the Venusians.
I remember coming
through the clouds.
to the surface.
We came down in one
of the Venusian craft.
The Venusian craft are
around the flying saucers.
I remember coming down.
It was a very large one.
There was like a
group of 15 of us,
and plus the Venusians that
were flying the machine.
And when we touched down, I
remember leaving the craft
and coming onto Venus, and
it was like 85 degrees.
It was very nice.
There were fauna.
There were plants
and animals that
were similar to our
planet, but also
some that were very strange.
So eventually, we would go
into underground surfaces,
and there were
cities underground,
pyramidal structures
underground, stones.
The stones were like--
were unbelievable.
They were made of a metal
that was shimmery and shined,
and it changed colors.
Big blocks of stone
that were put together
in these buildings.
They shimmered purple.
The shimmered blue.
Iridescent colors.
Some of the buildings would
reflect what your energy was.
If you were happy,
if you were morose,
they would reflect the
color of your mood.
My mission was to learn more
of the vibrational fields,
to learn how to connect with
other animals and plants
and humans and other
species of the galaxy.
The vibrational fields
of every living thing
is different even between
one person, one individual,
to another.
You would learn how to change
your vibration so that it would
match the other person's.
And this was something
we had learned early on
in our training, to move our
vibrational fields in a way
that we could levitate or move
through different materials,
the hardest being stone.
I was not able to
move through stone,
but I could move through wood.
I interacted with
Venusians for six months.
So during that six months,
they taught me quite a bit,
enough for many
lifetimes, really.
The way they train
is far more advanced.
The way their information is is
far more advanced than the way
our information is.
They understand things
on a greater level.
Philosophers from the past
have been trained by Venusians.
>>EMERY: So traditional
science suggests
that the temperature on
Venus is around 800 degrees.
How would you survive there?
>>MICHAEL: I went
to the surface,
and the surface is
absolutely livable.
So about 85, very balmy,
very pleasant temperature
at the equatorial area.
So not the high
temperatures that
supposed probes or
disinformation campaigns
or whatever is going on
out there as far as life
on different planets
and the moon.
There's life on
every single planet.
So there's life on Venus.
We came into their atmosphere.
I remember there being
clouds and cover.
And then eventually when we
broke free from the clouds,
the surface was clear.
There were forests.
There were animals
and structures
that were on the surface.
Around the equatorial
level is where I came in.
There's probably
about 15 or so of us
that got out that did
the training there
with the Venusians, the love
training that I talked about.
That was quite an
experience because we've
heard that Venus was
too hot to have life,
and here we are landing on
Venus, and there is life.
So on the Venus surface,
there's plant life
that can live very
comfortably in that 85-
to 65-degree environment.
So when the sun sets,
it's still very nice
and balmy, 65 degrees,
85 during the afternoon.
So I have those memories.
And when I started to work with
the plants and stuff like that,
the plants were alive.
They actually un-root
themselves and move.
So these old growth
forests could actually
get up and move around.
You could communicate with them.
Not like we're talking, but it
was telepathic communication
like I've learned.
It was very valuable.
Not only the plant life,
but also the animal life.
I saw a bear lion.
So the lion was on all fours,
but it had a bear head.
So the body of a lion
with a bear head.
I don't know why that
stands out to me,
but I think it was because one
of those followed me around.
I just remember it
was like a little pet.
The animals there
are not a threat.
So there's no threat from
the animals, the wildlife.
Everything is--
>>EMERY: Were there any
lakes or streams or oceans?
>>MICHAEL: So I don't
remember any lakes or streams.
I just remember that little
area that I came out on.
I remember mountains.
I remember snow on the mountain.
So this hot
temperature thing is--
I don't know.
So there was snow
on the mountains.
And where I was
was nice amd balmy.
So from there, I
went underground.
So the underground
cities in Venus
are unlike anywhere else in
the cosmos that I've known.
They're actually exquisite.
And the people there
are beautiful people.
The way they have
refined themselves
through the love
vibration translates
into their physicality.
So it's quite stunning.
When you make eye
contact with them,
it's just like a
love vibrational
dump that you can't imagine.
I was very primitive
at the time, still
a very hard, angry warrior.
But they were able to train
me, train that out of me,
like we talked about
earlier in other programs.
>>EMERY: How long were
you there, Michael?
>>MICHAEL: Six months.
So during that six month time
frame, it was enough for me
to overcome my fears.
I remember moving from one
Venusian city to another.
So they have many, many
cities underground,
and moving to different ones and
learning different techniques
for connecting with the love--
meditations underground.
Now, you talk about streams.
Beautiful streams.
Beautiful rivers.
Unbelievable.
It was almost that you
could go into a waterfall,
and you could feel the
love from the water.
Everything was of a
love vibration-- plant
life, the foods we ate.
Everything was
absolutely exquisite.
>>EMERY: Michael, tell me
more about the beings there.
What do they look like?
What were they wearing?
>>MICHAEL: The Venusians are
actually taller than we are,
normally.
A small Venusian
would be six foot.
And most of them are
eight to nine feet,
and some even taller.
They're perfectly proportioned.
The men are well
defined, muscular.
I remember they wear a lot of
white, a lot of light blue.
It matched a lot of their eyes.
A lot of their eyes--
a lot of them are blue
eyed, blonde hair.
But that's not all.
They have red headed Venusians,
little dark complected.
Mainly, they're very
light skin, but I
saw all the different hair
colors and skin colors
and so forth.
Very stunning.
>>EMERY: So of course,
here on planet Earth,
we have one of the most massive
diversities of human beings
on one small rock.
Did you see any
correlation on Venus?
>>MICHAEL: There's
diversity there,
but they're all Venusians.
If you go to different
star systems,
they're usually
that star system.
You go to Pleiades,
they're Pleiadean.
If you go to Arcturus,
they're Arcturian.
Same thing with Andromeda.
They're Andromedans.
Only on Earth, really, a
very, very rare instance
where we have many
different beings
that have come and settled here.
It's quite a smorgasbord.
It's one of the few
places in the galaxy where
this has happened, where
there's a diversity
of different groups.
That's one of the
reasons why it's
taken us so long, because
sometimes we don't always
understand.
And I'll say just understand.
I won't say work well together,
because we do, actually.
But we're trained not to.
There's a lot of negative
influence for us not to.
>>EMERY: That's right.
Programming.
>>MICHAEL: So with the
Venusians-- programming,
absolutely.
So the Venusians
are all in sync.
They all work well together.
That love vibration, I see
that in a lot of people
here on Earth.
If you're very-- if
you love yourself,
if you're loving to other
people, that really reflects.
And if you're angry and your
egoic, that reflects now too.
So there on the
Venusian environment,
everything translates
into beauty, like I said.
Even the water has an
exquisite vibration.
>>EMERY: While you were on
Venus with the Venusians,
did you experience anything
negative from them?
>>MICHAEL: Never once.
And that was part of
what I learned from them.
Just observing them was a treat.
Always being positive.
It was very tough
to leave there.
>>EMERY: I bet.
>>MICHAEL: Yeah.
But even in the
plants and animals,
I had that loving vibrational
experience with them.
It was like-- imagine
the most ultimate pet
and magnify that by 100, and
that's the kind of connection
that I would get with an
animal or with a plant.
I grow plants.
I love to have
plants in my house.
I have a connection with them.
I talk with them.
I send them love and so forth.
With the Venusian plant life,
it's, again, on another level.
It's almost like they
communicate with you.
You can feel their energy.
They actually vibrate to a
level where it's exquisite.
And it's the same thing with
what the Venusians wear.
So venusians wear
jewelry which--
there's different
crystals and stuff
that I've seen, a very beautiful
turquoise blue type of crystal
that almost seems
like it's alive.
You look at it, and it
almost communicates with you.
It's like everything is
communicating love there.
It's just an
exquisite environment.
Imagine that anywhere else.
And that's what the Venusians
are trying to teach.
That's what they're
trying to share.
So they're coming into very
violent, very polarized groups
like ours.
So we're a massive
conglomeration
of ETs in one spot.
So trying to calm those
energies that we have here,
get us to work together-- so
if we work together here--
that's why everyone's
looking at Earth.
If we get together
and work together
here, all these different
ET star seeds that are here,
it's going to work everywhere.
So that's why there's
so much focus on Earth.
Why would they
get involved here?
What do they have to win?
What's in it for them?
What's in it for
them is the ability
to work with other ET races,
because like we're seeing,
there's only Venusians in Venus.
Of course, they invite some
of us in to train us, but
and all these different places--
Arcturius, Sirius B, so forth--
there's only those races.
>>EMERY: Michael, you said there
was this amazing amount of love
vibration and energy.
Did you gather any other
intel from the plants
and the animals?
>>MICHAEL: Imagine that you
could talk to your dog, how
great that would be.
Now, we have people that we
hear there are whisperers,
like the horse whisperer or
the dog whisperer or the cat
whisperer, so forth.
They actually can
communicate with animals.
That's what I got
when I was in Venus.
Now, I've not had that
anywhere else on that level.
So the actual
intellectual communication
with these animals, with these
plants, was on the level--
Even with rock.
Even with crystals.
Even with the water.
The waterfall like starts
to communicate with you.
Can you imagine being in
the shower and the water
is communicating with you?
That'd be a different
level, right?
That'd be maybe a little
odd for some people.
I'd be like, OK,
yeah, that's cool.
I'd do that.
That's what I experienced
in the space force
when I was in Venus.
The communication on every level
with everything that was there.
So I can't imagine why we
can't have that everywhere.
And the reason why is
because we're limited.
We're controlled.
Our information is
controlled, just
like the temperature of Venus.
We think the Venusian
atmosphere is inhospitable.
Maybe the Venusians
don't want us
to know that it's hospitable.
They don't want us
to know that until we
reach a level of
consciousness where we can--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>MICHAEL: So there's different
reasons, I think, for that.
But I think that once
that disclosure, once
that information really
gets out to people,
they're going to be a
little disappointed, maybe,
but that disappointment
should lead
to taking the consciousness
to a level where
we can start to travel.
We can do time travel.
Instead of going back in time
and fighting back in time,
we go back and visit time.
Of course, that's with not
to get involved in change
the timeline, like
has been happening.
But we get to go back
and be a time tourist.
That's going to come.
We get to go to Venus.
You want to go to Venus?
You get in a portal,
boom, you're in Venus.
You want to go to Mars, which
is not the greatest planet right
now?
But you can go to Mars.
You want to go to Mars?
You want to go to the moon?
You want to go any other planet?
That's going to happen soon.
And the soon-- I know
everybody's, like, soon?
Come on, what's soon?
Soon is when soon is.
It's going to happen when
consciousness reaches
a point where we evolve.
Why hasn't it happened?
Like we're talking about,
there's many different ET races
here.
And because of those
different races,
takes a little bit more time.
There's not the communication.
There's not the
cooperation that we'd
see on another star system.
But that's by design.
We're supposed to learn
how to work through that.
We're working through that.
I think the time is
very close as far
as within the next
few years we'll
see this happen on an
unbelievably advanced level
and happen to a
point where people
are very satisfied and very--
they were like, how did
we not do this before?
But it takes time sometimes.
>>EMERY: Michael, from your
space force experiences,
is there something you'd like
to share with the viewers
from your awakening?
>>MICHAEL: Absolutely.
The greatest thing
that anyone can
take from all of
this conversation
is that love vibrational field
that we've been talking about.
So that love vibrational
field is connection
not only to other ET races,
plant life, animal life,
but also brings us
up in consciousness
where the wars start to stop.
So we want that to
happen, and it only
happens with the
vibrations of love.
And the energy
that they bring in
can not only connect us with
the oneness of the universe,
but also with each other and
with the high-tech stuff that's
coming in our near future.
>>EMERY: I really appreciate
you being on the show, Michael.
>>MICHAEL: Oh, it's been
a pleasure being here.
Thank you very much, Emery.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]